Headway Intermediate (Unit 10)

Listen to Margaret Tyler. She lives in Wembley, north London. Her children have now grown up and left home, and so she lives alone with her incredible collection.

http://img2.timeinc.net/people/i/2011/news/110411/margaret-tyler-2-440.jpg

I = Interviewer
M = Margaret Tyler

I Margaret, may I ask you what you do for a living?

M Well. I work for a children's charity. That's a full-time job, but I also have guests coming to stay with me at weekends.

I You mean... paying guests?

M Yes. This house, which is called Heritage House, is a bed-and-breakfast place, too.

I What I can see around me, Margaret, is
amazing! How long have you been collecting all this royal memorabilia?

M Well. Ifirst got interested in the Royal family when I saw the wedding of Princess Margaret on TV in 1960. Urn, my father wouldn't let us have a television in the house because he said it would stop me doing my homework,so on the day of the wedding, I went round to a friend's house, and I just sat in front of the screen, mesmerized. But it wasn't until later that I started collecting. I've been collecting for eighteen years. The first things I bought were a dish with the Queen's head in the centre, and a few Coronation mugs to go with it.

I What sort of things have you got?

M Oh, everything! Oh, pictures, paintings, ashtrays, hundreds of mugs, um .... er... tea-pots, tea-cloths, biscuit tins, posters, books, flags, toast racks, egg cups, candle sticks, the lot! I've got over four thousand Royal
souvenirs.

I All in this house?

M All in this house, yes. The house has been extended three times to fit it all in.
They're in all the rooms downstairs, and in the four bedrooms upstairs, and in the attic, too.

I Incredible!

M It takes all my spare time to keep everything clean and dusted. I'm always playing around, making a special area for one of the
Royals or another. Er ... It keeps me amused for hours, and the 116 visitors who come, mainly foreign visitors, never get tired of talking about our Royal family.

I Is there one piece that's your favourite?

M Yes. I was desperately upset when Princess Diana and Prince Charles split up, and I
wrote to Princess Diana, saying I hoped they might get together again. I got
a lovely letter back from her Lady-inWaiting. Sarah Campden, and that's the
most important part of my whole collection.

I Have you had to spend a lot of money on your collection?

M Oh. I don't know. I've never thought about it. No, I don't think so. Once,
when Prince Andrew married Fergie, a shop filled its windows with nothing
else but mementoes of them, and I walked in and bought the lot. But I... I
can't remember how much it was.

I And where do you get it all from?

M All over the place. There are lots of people who collect this stuff. I go up and
down the country. We have conventions where we swap things. And there are
specialist magazines and shops, and ... and jumble sales.

I Have you ever had to fight to get something you really wanted?

M Well, once I was in a shop and the shop keeper was drinking his tea from a lovely Coronation
mug. I offered to buy it from him but he wasn't interested. So off I went to
a shop nearby and bought a plain mug and presented it to him. 'Now will you
do a swap?' I said to him. And he did. Oh. it was driving me mad, the
thought of him using this mug every day! I wanted to give it a proper home!

I Is there anything you haven't got that you'd really like to have?

M Not a thing, but a person. Princess Diana is my favourite Royal. She's warm,
wonderful, giggly, real. I'd love to meet her.

I Well. I hope your dreame comes true! If she ever came to your house, she'd feel very at home!
